Invalid auth provider error handling (#920)
SAP/luigi: docs/authorization-events.md

-   `onLogout` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** is executed after the user logs out.
- `onAuthExpireSoon` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** is executed before the token expires. For OAuth2 and OIDC you can set the **accessTokenExpiringNotificationTime** to specify the number of seconds required to pass before the event is fired. The default value is `60` seconds.
    - by using oAuth2ImplicitGrant you can specify **expirationCheckInterval** which is the number of seconds to pass between each check if the token is about to expire. The default value is `5` seconds.

> - `onAuthConfigError` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** is executed if an auth provider is wrong configured and as a result not available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `onAuthConfigError` **[function](https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function)** is executed if an authentication provider is wrongly configured and unavailable as a result.
```
